I Meyazhagan and I'm a Full Stack Web Application Developer

ABOUT ME -

who am I?
name: MEYAZHAGAN
job: Full Stack Web Application Developer
from: Namakkal, Tamil Nadu
degree: Bachelor in Electronics

Hello,
My name is Meyazhagan.

I'm a Full Stack Web Application Developer, 
I have been studying web development and I develope primarily with React and Node.js, 
though I have a good knownledge of Python, Java.

I used to provide responsive front end interfaces and back end development, 
Single Page Web Applications to meet both technical and consumer needs, and 
see through a project from conception to the end product. 
Also I got the ability to work with many frameworks, and client and server side languages.

Thank you, Enjoy.

v2

"A fresher with experience", this line says exactly who he is. He is a software developer who crafts beautiful web and apps. His perfect balance of technical & managerial skills stands him apart from the crowd.

My areas of interest include problem-solving, cloud infrastructure, machine learning, and IoT.

With a detail oriented-focus, I enjoy creating simple but effective solutions to improve application performance, ease of maintenance, and user experience.


SKILL - 
frontend
    HTML/HTML5
    CSS/CSS3
    JavaScript/ES6

    REACT JS
    REACT ROUTER
    REDUX

backend
    NODE JS
    EXPRESS

    REST API STANDARDS
    GRAPH QL

database
    MONGO DB
    MYSQL

DevOps
    GIT
    CI/CD
    AWS

UI tools
    TAILWIND CSS
    HEADLESS UI

others
    FIGMA


Projects

title - Ticketing system for query resolving
desc -  Zen Class Query Resolving Platform for mentor and student
        A real time status update on query and real time chat feature

built - html, css, react, node js, socket.io, tailwind css 
url -

title - E Commerce Website
desc -  To buy products in online and checkout the products
        Sellers can post new Products.
built - html, css, react, node js, tailwind css, Redux
integerated - stripe for payment

title - Google Drive Clone
desc -  Store, share, and collaborate on files and folders 
        from any mobile device, tablet, or computer.
built - html, css, react, node js, tailwind css, AWS S3 for storing files


title - User and Profile CRUD
desc -  Create Read Update Delete operation for User and User-Profile.

built - html, css, react, node js, tailwind css, Redux, graphQL